hey guys that's question 4 here I'm here
with a new review for you guys and today
I'm gonna be reviewing this Super Saiyan
3 kid Goku by Jax and if you hear any
background music you know just people
here you know it's just not just feeling
myself anyway yeah that's gonna start on
this review well I have reviewed him
previously but not HD quality and I mean
I don't even think this needs an HD
quality and I'm went for this figure
I mean I'll let you want to see I'm in
more detail how ugly this figure is this
is really an ugly figure a lot of you
said that his face it kind of looks like
Chucky which I agree if you can see that
better there with the light the flesh
yeah he has a Chucky face it's kind of
funny actually a little bit more closer
than that right there you can see that
he does have a Chucky face he looks
really weird
this figure is just really ugly and I've
always thought that I always thought
this figure was ugly and I don't know
what was the deal with that why they
made him look like this okay that's it
started well like I said this is
definitely like the ugly Super Saiyan
Goku Super Saiyan 3 kid Goku figure but
I've seen like in a 5 inch type of skill
and yeah for sure I mean I see a ghost
Eenie or Alice did a better job freaking
it's about collection is way better than
this one way better than this one I
picked that one up this one that's way
better in this one ok well the hair is
that rubbery material yeah it's rubbery
so if it can get stained the mine is
kind of stained if you can see that and
has some stains on it from it being rub
against other figures or things like
that because in this rubbery material
and now the paint can kind of like get
stained on it from some other figure
some things so to speak careful with
that and plus it's a really old figure
of mine is
actually really old when I was a kid
decided something bad you can see a
little bit of stains but I really only
thing I really like about this figure is
the the hair sculpt the way they did the
hair is the only good thing about the
figure only good thing the only good
thing because everything else basically
sucks about them I'll show you in detail
more his hair so you can see how nicely
done it is quite honestly I like how it
like goes inward like that it's really
cool it's a nice sculpting for the hair
it's it is rubber material if you can
see that but that's the only thing
that's going for and you know just the
hair it has a little bang there if you
can see that I mean look at that face
it's just very ugly it doesn't look like
can't goku he has no neck you can't see
his neck because his head is so big and
wide look at that you can see it when
you turn it like that but i just saw
something right there if you can't see
the neck looking straight forward then
the head is too freakin wide too big it
just looks so disproportionate just
looks so weird like this figure also
it's really back heavy so if you try to
stand it up straight there's him
standing straight it would fall behind
because if his hair is so big it just
falls over you know only way you can
stand it up is you know swatching him
slightly so he can you know stand with
his hair it's just really he's really
back heavy
so yeah the Harris program material the
bang is actually like painting the color
his G and his arms and his head and
everything is plastic motor plastic so
you can't get any paint chips and except
for his pants and issue
using everything and his torso area
right there that is paint so they can
get scratched off but you know Speaker
Sox bottom line like this doesn't look
like Goku he has a chunky face it looks
kind of ridiculous
the only thing that's good as the hair
and that's you know the best you can do
with the hair I mean if you wanted to
make a custom but you can't even do that
because you can't even make a custom
with it because his head is pretty wide
so it doesn't you it's wider than the
standard Goku's head so if you're trying
to make a Super Saiyan Goku Super Saiyan
3 Goku or something in custom one
it probably won't work very well because
it's just it's just not gonna fit his
head just his head is so freakin wide
for some reason they made it so wide it
just looks ugly he looks like like I
don't know it looks like a monkey it was
like a monkey he looks like Chucky he
looks just really bad don't like the
figure but let me just show you
reticulation looks 316 and the arm and
and moves outward and inward and it
moves to be 16 right there his elbow and
it doesn't really Bend though there at
the elbow nice moves through 16 and then
his wrist also knows 360 yeah his wrist
also mostly 16 if you can see that and
then his his kind of his waist area yeah
his waist also most 360 but some reason
on the kinkakuji t-kid Goku's it gets so
loose his limbs his leg area I don't
know why they get so loose they just do
it it's like a problem that the jacks GT
could go whose half and then he of
course you know moves back like that and
then bends at the ankle like that it
moves 360 there so that's the kid Goku
Super Saiyan 3 could Goku that kind of
sucks yeah actually that does not kind
of it sucks I don't recommend it I
recommend the two about collection
because
can't even straight you can't even stand
straight and you have to slouch it over
like that for it just actually stand
watch out with the belt it can break off
so I'll show you a closer look anyway
like this over the kid Goku Super Saiyan
3 kid Goku looks like ass look at that
this looks way too Pierce like the way
they did the AI resculpting thing and
just way too much I think they didn't
wait too much and you can't see the neck
it's ridiculous his head way too big
it's really disproportional to the
figure he looks ridiculous he looks like
a midget he really actually looks like a
literal midget so he looks like
basically I mean yeah this finger really
sucks what do you guys think do you have
a finger do you also think it sucks what
do you think he looks like I think it'll
click Chucky I'll show you
I guess the side view like this I mean
he it gets his little ass bad from the
side but from the front he looks like
ass now of course this hair sculpting is
very nice you can see them from the back
that's the only thing the hair is the
only good thing we think about it
everything else looks well yeah that's
big brother Jack super saiyan 3 kid Goku
you should most of the GT figures were
good - this is one of the really bad
ones for that Jax made so yeah I hope
you enjoyed this review and until my
next one guys peace